WHAT IS THIS?
-------------

Here are the files required to set-up a Web site which allows
full-text search of the Cablegate's cables released by Wikileaks.

These files have been used by http://www.cablegatesearch.net/
since Dec. 9th as a free service to allow people to easily browse
the *released* cables.

I consider the code here to be raw and still quite under development,
and rather untidy and often messy, however, there has been interest
to maybe reuse the code here in order to create an offline, portable
full-text search of the cables, hence this early release.

Obviously I will keep working on this code, to make it more tidy,
better documented, and to introduce optimizations as the number of
released cables goes up, and performance issues are identified. Etc.

This website's code has been running on:
- Apache/2.0.52 (CentOS)
- PHP 5.1.6
- MySQL 4.1.20

This website's code has been developed on:
- Apache/2.2.16 (Ubuntu)
- PHP 5.3.3-1ubuntu9.3
- MySQL 5.1.49


FILES
-----

- dbconnect.php:
	To connect to the MySQL server, this is where
	you fill in your database name, user id, password.

- cacher.php:
	Cache management, to save CPU cycles. Can be turned off. There
	need to be a directory named "cache" with read/write permission
	for all for the cacher to work properly. This was ported from
	a previous project, naming is inconsistent, and there are issues
	to resolve in the current project, particularly, when the database
	is updated, the cache needs to be flushed manually currently.

- index.php:
	Redirect to search.php

- search.php:
	The main web page to launch a full-text search

- cable.php:
	Web page to display the content of a single cable

- cart.php:
	A tool to collate and persist a specific set of cables

- history.php:
	Documents the addition, modification, deletion of
	cables by Wikileaks

- browse.php:
	Experimental, not completed, to browse the tags used
	in the cables

- cablegate-functions.php:
	contains functions reused across multiple PHP files. It needs
	cleanup.

- cablegate-do.php:
	XMLHttpRequests' entry point

- release-notes.php:
	Release notes, I'm not very good at keeping this up to
	date.

- globals.php:
	This file is included by a few PHP files. It's likely going to be replaced
	soon by a serialized PHP variable useful across many pages on the site.

- globals-generated.php:
	This file is included by a few PHP files. It's likely going to be replaced
	soon by a serialized PHP variable generated during the parsing of cables.

- mootools-core-1.3-loader.inc:
	HTML snippet to load Mootools Core 1.3. I use a proxy loader which requires
	a key, which is generated according to the domain name cablegatesearch.net.
	You will have to change this to your own key, or simply load directly
	mootool-core.js (see http://mootools.net)

- contact-inc.html:
	Contact, credits, etc. This file is included as footer
	in the main PHP files.

- CSS files:
	cablegate.css
	cablegate-list.css = to be used for list of cables
	cablegate-cart.css = to be used for cart operations

- Javascript files:
	cablegate-core.js: common, basic stuff
	cablegate.js: more stuff (need to restructure these files)
	cablegate-cart.js: cart management
	mootools-more.js: Mootools More, for visual effects, date handling, etc.

- cablegate_create.sql:
	MySQL statements to create the structure of the
	tables required to run the site

- cablegate_create_and_populate.sql.7z:
	MySQL statements to create the structures of the
	tables required to run this site, and to fill them with the data
	of the latest snapshot of released cables. Since this file is
	way too large to host here (currently ~20MB), download it from:
	http://www.cablegatesearch.net/cablegate_create_and_populate.sql.7z

- cablegate_cables_canonical2id_map.txt:
	This is a serialized PHP associative array, which maps
	"canonical id" (aka Wikileaks' "reference id") to cable id (integer).
	This file is useful if you want to generate your own database
	content, as you should preserve the mapping documented in this
	file. This ensure that carts are really persistent.

- Art files:
	bookmark-add.png
	bookmark-del.png
	bookmark-ghost.png
	bookmark-info.png
	bookmark.png
	close.png
	open.png
	go-next.png
	go-previous.png
	external-link.png
	edit-clear-2.png


